IN 1989, OUR FIRST GUEST WENT ON
A FATEFUL DATE WITH A CHARMING
MUSLIM IMMIGRANT FROM KENYA AND
HAD NO IDEA THAT IT WOULD ONE
DAY LEAD TO HER BEING FIRST LADY
OF THE UNITED STATES.
YOU CAN READ ALL ABOUT HER
HISTORY-MAKING LIFE IN THIS NEW
MEMOIR CALLED "BECOMING."
PLEASE SAY HELLO TO MICHELLE
OBAMA.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> Jimmy: THERE YOU GO.
>> Jimmy: YOU SEE -- YOU SEE
HOW --
>> I'M GOING TO CRY.
>> Jimmy: YOU SEE HOW MUCH WE
MISS YOU?
I MEAN, WE REALLY -- WHERE DID
YOU GO?
>> WE'RE HERE.
WE'RE JUST, YOU KNOW, WE'RE IN
ANOTHER HOUSE.
>> Jimmy: YEAH.
WE NEED YOU BACK IN THE OLD
HOUSE.
>> WELL, THERE ARE OTHER PEOPLE
LIVING THERE.
>> Jimmy: HOW IS UNEMPLOYMENT
GOING?
ARE YOU EMBRACING IT?
>> YEAH, IT'S GOING OKAY AND I
WAS JUST TRYING TO THINK OF WHAT
WE'VE BEEN DOING, BUT
TRUTHFULLY, WE'RE BORING.
YOU KNOW?
WE HAVE A TEENAGER AT HOME, AND
SHE MAKES US FEEL INADEQUATE
EVERY DAY.
>> Jimmy: NICE.
>> SO, OUR SELF-ESTEEM IS LOW.
>> Jimmy: CAN I TELL YOU HOW WE
FEEL?
WE FEEL LIKE -- DO YOU REMEMBER
THE FIRST SUPERMAN MOVIE,
CHRISTOPHER REEVE, WHEN HE GAVE
UP HIS POWERS TO SAVE LOIS
LANE'S LIFE AND THEN HE WAS
POWERLESS AND THEN HE GOT BEAT
UP IN A DINER AND HE HAD TO GET
HIS POWERS BACK TO COME SAVE US
FROM LEX LUTHOR.
THAT'S WHAT WE NEED FROM YOU AND
YOUR HUSBAND.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
>> WELL, THERE'S THIS THING
CALLED THE CONSTITUTION.
>> Jimmy: WE'VE DISPENSED WITH
THAT ALREADY, HAVEN'T WE?
WHAT IS HE DOING RIGHT NOW?
LIKE, RIGHT NOW, WHAT IS HE
DOING?
>> MY HUSBAND?
>> Jimmy: YES.
>> OH, HE'S PROBABLY IN HIS HOLE
IN OUR NEW HOUSE.
>> Jimmy: IN HIS OFFICE?
>> WRITING.
HE'S WORKING ON HIS BOOK.
>> Jimmy: WHEN I WAS READING
ABOUT YOU MENTIONING IN YOUR
BOOK THAT HIS OFFICE IS MESSY
AND DISORGANIZED, IT GAVE ME
LICENSE TO HAVE A MESSY AND
DISORGANIZED OFFICE BECAUSE MY
WIFE --
>> WAS IT LIKE THAT BEFORE?
>> Jimmy: IT'S A DISASTER BUT
NOW I FEEL LIKE, THE PRESIDENT
DOES THAT TOO.
>> GOOD.
CLEAN UP YOUR OFFICE.
>> Jimmy: IT SEEMS TO ME --
>> IT'S ANNOYING.
>> Jimmy: ARE YOU SENDING A
MESSAGE?
>> I'M HERE FOR MOLLY.
>> Jimmy: TO YOUR HUSBAND
THROUGH ME?
>> NO, GET YOUR STUFF TOGETHER.
>> Jimmy: I WISH I COULD.
I REALLY DO.
IT APPEARS BASED ON SOCIAL MEDIA
THAT YOU ARE REALLY FOLLOWING
BEYONCE AROUND THE COUNTRY,
GOING TO HER CONCERTS.
>> YES.
>> Jimmy: IS THAT WHAT'S
HAPPENING NOW?
>> IT'S AN EXCELLENT ACTIVITY.
>> Jimmy: BESIDES YOUR HUSBAND
AND DAUGHTERS, WITH WHICH
CELEBRITY DO YOU TEXT MOST
OFTEN?
>> OH.
YOU KNOW, THERE'S -- I'M NOT
GOING TO TELL YOU, BECAUSE THEN,
YOU KNOW, IT'S LIKE YOU DON'T
TEXT AND TELL.
>> Jimmy: THAT'S NOT A THING.
THAT'S NOT -- YOU JUST MADE THAT
UP.
>> I HAD DEPENDS ON WHAT'S GOING
ON, LATELY, BECAUSE OPRAH KICKED
OFF THE BOOK TOUR, AND SHE WAS
AN EARLY READER.
I'VE BEEN DOING A LOT OF
TEXTING.
GAIL IS A WORRIER, SO A LOT OF
TIMES SHE'LL CALL, LIKE, WHAT
THE --
>> Jimmy: OH REALLY?
>> YEAH.
>> Jimmy: OPRAH AND GAIL.
THAT'S PRETTY SOLID.
>> THOSE TWO.
>> Jimmy: YOU SAID BARACK IS
WORKING ON HIS BOOK RIGHT NOW.
DID YOU GUYS EVER HAVE A
SITUATION WHERE YOU FIGHT OVER
AN ANECDOTE?
LIKE I WANTED THAT FOR MY BOOK.
>> SINCE MY BOOK WAS FIRST, HE
LOST ON ALL THAT.
>> Jimmy: YOU GET FIRST DIBS ON
ALL THAT.
>> ON ALL THE GOOD STUFF.
>> Jimmy: AND WOULD IT CAUSE A
RIFT IN YOUR RELATIONSHIP IF
OPRAH DOESN'T PUT HIS BOOK IN
HER BOOK CLUB?
BECAUSE SHE DID IT WITH YOURS.
>> IT MIGHT HURT HIS FEELINGS
BUT HE'LL GET OVER IT.
>> Jimmy: THE BOOK IS NUMBER ONE
ON AMAZON.
THAT'S GOT TO BE AN EXCITING
THING FOR YOU.
>> THAT'S CRAZY.
>> Jimmy: BY A LOT, I WOULD
IMAGINE.
WAS IT FUN TO WRITE THE BOOK?
>> IT WAS MORE FUN THAN I
THOUGHT.
BECAUSE HERE'S THE THING.
RARELY DOES ANYBODY GET TIME,
AND THEY GET PAID TO REFLECT.
>> Jimmy: THAT'S TRUE.
>> AND REFLECTING, I FIND, IS
VERY IMPORTANT, BECAUSE THE
TRUTH IS, FOR THE LAST DECADE,
THERE WAS NO TIME TO EVEN REALLY
THINK ABOUT WHAT JUST HAPPENED
TO US.
YOU KNOW, I WRITE ABOUT THE FACT
THAT, YOU KNOW, THE WEEK WOULD
START, SOMETHING AMAZING WOULD
HAPPEN, AND THEN BY THE END OF
THE WEEK, I WOULD HAVE FORGOTTEN
ALL ABOUT THAT OTHER AMAZING
THING.
I MEAN, OUR DAYS WERE FULL.
WE WERE JUST INUNDATED.
SO, COMING OUT OF THE WHITE
HOUSE, YOU NEEDED THAT TIME TO
TAKE STOCK AND SAY, WHAT JUST
HAPPENED?
WHAT WAS THAT?
AND THIS BOOK ALLOWED ME TO DO
THAT AND TO REALLY UNDERSTAND
WHAT THOSE EIGHT YEARS MEANT TO
ME, PERSONALLY, AND HOW IT FIT
INTO THE CONTEXT OF THE REST OF
MY LIFE.
SO, THAT WAS SOMETHING I NEEDED.
IT WAS THERAPEUTIC FOR ME.
>> Jimmy: AND SUCH A BIG PART OF
YOUR FAMILY, YOUR DAUGHTERS
BEING SO YOUNG WHEN -- HOW OLD
WERE YOUR DAUGHTERS ON THE DAY
YOU STARTED LIVING IN THE WHITE
HOUSE?
>> THEY WERE 7 AND 10, AND I
HOPE I GET THAT RIGHT, BECAUSE
THAT'S --
>> Jimmy: YEAH.
>> BUT THEY LIVED IN THE WHITE
HOUSE LONGER THAN THEY LIVED IN
ANY HOUSE THAT WE LIVED IN.
>> Jimmy: YOUR MOM MOVED IN,
LIVED THERE THE WHOLE EIGHT
YEARS WITH YOU.
>> RELUCTANTLY, BUT SHE STAYED.
SHE TRIED TO GET OUT.
IT'S LIKE, NOPE, LOCK THE DOORS.
>> Jimmy: AND WHAT YEAR DID SHE
TRY TO GET OUT?
HOW FAR IN?
>> YOU KNOW, SHE FELT LIKE BY
THE TIME SHE WASN'T TAKING THE
GIRLS TO SCHOOL EVERY DAY, THEY
WERE BOTH IN MIDDLE SCHOOL, SHE
THOUGHT, I CAN GO, RIGHT?
AND I WAS LIKE, NO, NOT YET.
SO WE LET HER GO HOME IN THE
SUMMER.
IT'S LIKE, YOU CAN HAVE A SUMMER
BREAK BUT YOU GOT TO COME BACK
AND I WOULD CALL HER, LIKE,
YOU'RE COMING BACK, RIGHT?
>> Jimmy: IF AND WHEN SASHA OR
MALIA BECOME PRESIDENT OF THE
UNITED STATES.
>> OH, GOSH, THAT WILL NEVER
HAPPEN.
>> Jimmy: DON'T SAY THAT.
DON'T SAY NEVER.
>> I CAN SAY NEVER WITH THOSE
TWO.
>> Jimmy: YOU WOULD NOT MOVE IN
WITH THEM OR WOULD YOU MOVE IN
WITH THEM TO HELP THEM?
>> I WOULD.
>> Jimmy: YOU HAVE TO NOW.
>> WELL, IF THEY HAD KIDS.
I MEAN, THAT'S THE ONLY -- MY
MOTHER WASN'T HELPING ME.
SHE WAS HELPING HER
GRANDCHILDREN.
>> Jimmy: GOT YOU.
I UNDERSTAND.
>> I WOULD, BECAUSE THEY WOULD
NEED THE HELP.
>> Jimmy: DID THE WHITE HOUSE
DOG KNOW HE WAS THE WHITE HOUSE
DOG?
>> HE ACTED LIKE HE DID.
HE'S AN ODD -- HE'S AN ODD DOG,
BECAUSE -- AND BARACK, YOU KNOW,
HE CRITICIZES BO A LITTLE BIT
BECAUSE HE IS ODD.
HE HAS AN ALOOFNESS TO HIM.
IT'S ALMOST SORT OF LIKE, DON'T
TOUCH ME.
I AM A BO.
DON'T YOU KNOW WHO I AM?
HE WOULD PRANCE AROUND THE WHITE
HOUSE.
HE HAD A SCHEDULE.
BOTH THE DOGS DID.
THEY WOULD GET PICKED UP.
>> Jimmy: AN OFFICIAL SCHEDULE?
>> YEAH, I WOULD DO BRIEFING
REQUESTS FOR THEM.
THEY HAD TO GET MY PERMISSION,
BUT I WOULD FIND, YOU KNOW, IN
MY BRIEFING BOOK, IT WOULD BE,
CAN BO AND SONNY STOP BY THIS
PRESS EVENT AT 2:30.
THERE WOULD BE A TIME.
AND I HAD TO APPROVE OF IT.
SO THEY'D GET PICKED UP AND
THEY'D HANG OUT WITH THE
GARDENERS FOR THE DAY AND WHEN
THEY WERE AT HOME, THEY WERE
MOMMY'S DOGS, BUT IF THEY WERE
WORKING WITH THE FELLAS, THEY
WOULD IGNORE ME.
DON'T TOUCH ME.
I'M AT WORK.
I'M BUSY.
>> Jimmy: ONE OF THE MOST
INTERESTING THINGS I LEARNED
FROM YOUR BOOK IS THAT THE
PRESIDENT AND FIRST LADY,
FAMILY, YOU HAVE TO PAY FOR YOUR
FOOD WHILE YOU'RE IN THE WHITE
HOUSE.
>> YEAH.
GO FIGURE.
>> Jimmy: THAT'S CRAZY TO ME.
>> WELL, IT IS AND IT ISN'T.
IT'S BECAUSE YOU DON'T KNOW IT
AND MOST PEOPLE DON'T KNOW WHAT
IT'S LIKE TO LIVE IN THE WHITE
HOUSE.
ONLY 45 FAMILIES HAVE DONE IT.
BUT TRUTH -- RENT IS FREE, STAFF
IS FREE, YOU KNOW, WE SHOULDN'T
BE MOOCHING OFF OF THE
TAXPAYERS.
>> Jimmy: SO YOU'RE OKAY WITH
THAT?
>> YEAH, BUT IT'S A LITTLE
SHOCKING BECAUSE NOBODY REALLY
TELLS YOU THIS STUFF AND THEN
THEY LET YOU GET WHATEVER YOU
WANT, LIKE, IF YOU SAY YOU WANT
SOME EXOTIC FRUIT, YES, MA'AM,
WE'LL GET THAT RIGHT AWAY, AND
THEN YOU GET THE BILL FOR A
PEACH AND IT'S LIKE, THAT WAS A
$500 PEACH.
YOU KNOW?
I WOULD TELL BARACK, BARACK, DO
NOT EXPRESS PLEASURE FOR
ANYTHING UNTIL -- UNLESS I KNOW
HOW MUCH IT COSTS.
>> Jimmy: WOW.
>> SO, THEY'RE VERY RESPONSIVE
AT YOUR EXPENSE.
>> Jimmy: YEAH.
>> BUT I -- IN ALL FAIRNESS,
IT'S LIKE THE TAXPAYERS
SHOULDN'T -- IF WE WANT A
CERTAIN KIND OF JAM OR JELLY, WE
SHOULD PAY FOR THAT.
>> Jimmy: YEAH, BUT IF YOU'RE
GOING SMUCKERS, IT SHOULD BE
FREE.
WE'RE GOING TO GET INTO OTHER
IMPORTANT THINGS THAT ARE IN
THIS BOOK.
THE BOOK IS CALLED "BECOMING."
MICHELLE OBAMA IS HERE WITH US.
MICHELLE OBAMA IS HERE.
CLETO, I DO WANT TO SAY,
MRS. OBAMA GAVE YOU GUYS A VERY
NICE COMPLIMENT DURING THE
BREAK.
AND YOU MENTIONED IN THE BOOK
THE FIRST ALBUM YOU EVER BOUGHT
WAS STEVIE WONDER.
>> MY GRANDFATHER, SOUTH SIDE.
>> Jimmy: SOUTH SIDE OR WAS IT
EAST SIDE?
>> HE WAS -- IT WAS WEST SIDE.
ME AND MY BROTHER DISTINGUISHED
BETWEEN MY MATERNAL GRANDFATHER
AND MY PATERNAL GRANDFATHER.
ONE LIVED ON THE SOUTH SIDE AND
ONE LIVED ON THE WEST SIDE AND
HE WAS WEST SIDE UNTIL HE MOVED
TO THE SOUTH SIDE AND BECAME
SOUTH SIDE.
YOU CAN READ ALL ABOUT IT.
>> Jimmy: IF YOU WANTED TO GET
SOMEONE IN YOUR HUSBAND'S
ADMINISTRATION FIRED, HOW WOULD
YOU --
>> WHY -- WHY DO YOU ASK?
>> Jimmy: JUST CURIOUS.
JUST WONDERING IF THERE'S
SOMEBODY THAT RUBBED YOU THE
WRONG WAY, WOULD YOU SEND THEM A
LETTER?
>> WE HAD WONDERFUL PEOPLE IN
OUR ADMINISTRATION.
>> Jimmy: AND YOU NEVER HAD A
SITUATION LIKE THAT.
>> NOT ONCE.
>> Jimmy: NOT EVEN ONCE.
I DON'T BELIEVE THAT FOR A
SECOND.
BUT WE PLAY A GAME ALMOST EVERY
DAY HERE AT OUR SHOW, AND THEN
MY WIFE AND I PLAY IT AT HOME.
THE GAME IS -- DOESN'T REALLY
HAVE A TITLE, BUT IT'S BASICALLY
CALLED, WHAT IF OBAMA HAD DONE
THIS?
>> OH, GOD, WE PLAY THAT AT HOME
TOO.
>> Jimmy: YOU DO?
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
THAT WAS REALLY MY QUESTION.
DO YOU PLAY THAT ONE AT HOME?
>> YES.
QUITE OFTEN.
>> Jimmy: I KNOW YOU'VE SAID
REPEATEDLY YOU WILL NOT RUN FOR
OFFICE, BUT HAS ANYONE EVER
REALLY, LIKE SERIOUSLY
APPROACHED YOU AND TRIED TO
CONVINCE YOU TO RUN FOR OFFICE?
>> ALL THE TIME.
>> Jimmy: LIKE, I MEAN -- I'M
SURE -- I'M TALKING ABOUT, LIKE,
THE HEAD OF THE COMMITTEE OR
BARACK OR HILLARY OR SOMEBODY
LIKE THAT.
>> NO, BARACK KEEPS THOSE PEOPLE
AWAY FROM ME.
>> Jimmy: HE DOES.
>> YEAH.
NO, I'VE NEVER HAD ANY SERIOUS
CONVERSATIONS WITH ANYONE ABOUT
IT, BECAUSE IT'S NOT SOMETHING
THAT I'M INTERESTED IN.
OR WOULD EVER DO.
EVER.
>> Jimmy: YOU SAID SOMETHING
VERY INTERESTING, I THOUGHT,
ABOUT YOUR HUSBAND IN YOUR BOOK
IS THAT ON HIGH-PRESSURE DAYS,
HE WOULD BE AT HIS MOST RELAXED
AND HE WOULD BE THE FRIENDLIEST
ON THOSE DAYS.
WHY DO YOU THINK THAT IS?
>> ON HIS BUSIEST DAYS.
>> Jimmy: YEAH.
>> BECAUSE THAT -- THAT'S WHAT
FUELS HIM.
HE'S A GRINDER, YOU KNOW?
I THINK -- AND YOU KNOW, I THINK
HE FEELS MOST FULFILLED WHEN
HE'S FULL, WHEN HIS PLATE IS
FULL.
I CALL HIM A PLATE SPINNER, YOU
KNOW, THOSE JUGGLERS THAT KEEP
SPINNING THOSE PLATES AND IF ONE
IS STARTING TO WOBBLE, HE SPINS
IT AND IF EVERYTHING'S GOING
OKAY THEN HE'LL PUT ANOTHER
PLATE UP.
I THINK HE GET HIS ENERGY --
>> Jimmy: IS HE DOING THAT AT
HOME NOW, LIKE LITERALLY WITH
THE CHINA?
>> NO.
>> Jimmy: HE IS NOT DOING THAT
AT HOME.
DO YOU HAVE A SECRET, LIKE,
INSTAGRAM OR FACEBOOK OR PAGE
LIKE THAT?
>> WELL, IF I TOLD YOU, IT
WOULDN'T BE A SECRET.
NO, I DON'T.
I MEAN, I'M BARELY GOOD AT THAT
STUFF ANYWAY.
I MEAN, I HAVE AN INSTAGRAM
ACCOUNT AND A TWITTER ACCOUNT,
OBV
OBVIOUSLY, BUT YOU KNOW, I HAVE
TO GET PERMISSION TO USE IT FROM
MY STAFF.
>> Jimmy: I SEE.
>> THEY DON'T TRUST ME WITH IT.
>> Jimmy: SPEAKING OF
PERMISSION, IN THE BOOK, YOU
TALKED ABOUT THREE KIDS.
ONE OF THEM WAS A GIRL NAMED
DIDI WHO YOU FOUGHT, SHE WAS A
BULLY AND YOU FOUGHT HER.
>> MY FIRST FIGHT.
>> Jimmy: THEN THERE WAS A
BOYFRIEND YOU SMOKED POT WITH
AND THEN THERE WAS A BOYFRIEND
THAT YOU BROKE UP WITH BECAUSE
HIS GOAL, HIS CAREER GOAL, WAS
TO BECOME A MASCOT FOR, LIKE,
THE CLEVELAND BROWNS OR
SOMETHING.
RIGHT?
>> YES.
>> Jimmy: NOW, DO YOU CALL THOSE
PEOPLE BEFOREHAND OR REACH OUT
TO THEM IN SOME WAY TO GO, GUESS
WHAT?
>> NO, NO.
NO, I DID -- AND I DIDN'T USE
LAST NAMES FOR THAT REASON,
ALTHOUGH SOME PEOPLE WILL KNOW
WHO THEY ARE.
>> Jimmy: YEAH, RIGHT.
>> SO IT'S UP TO THEM TO OUT
THEMSELVES.
BUT I DID GIVE BOOKS TO -- SEND
BOOKS TO EVERYBODY WITH KIND OF
A NICE NOTE LIKE, THANK YOU FOR
HELPING ME BECOME.
OKAY.
>> Jimmy: DID DIDI GET A BOOK?
>> I THINK SO.
WE'RE TRYING TO TRACK EVERYBODY
DOWN, SO -- BECAUSE THESE ARE
PEOPLE -- YOU KNOW, THIS WAS IN
CHILDHOOD.
THIS DIDN'T HAPPEN YESTERDAY.
I WASN'T FIGHTING IN THE
BACKYARD.
IT WAS WHEN I WAS A LITTLE KID
SO IT TAKES A SECOND TO FIND
EVERYBODY.
SO I'M NOT SURE IF EVERYBODY'S
GOTTEN A BOOK, BUT WE TRIED TO
GET EVERYBODY A BOOK.
>> Jimmy: GOT YOU.
>> AND THEN IF THEY CALL AND
THEY WANT TO FIGHT AGAIN BECAUSE
OF --
>> Jimmy: THEN PAY PER VIEW.
YOU HAD TO BE VERY CAREFUL WHEN
YOU'RE A FIRST LADY.
I SPOKE TO YOUR HUSBAND ABOUT
THIS ALSO, BECAUSE HE JOKES
AROUND A LOT, BUT THEN YOU
REALIZE, LIKE, OH, I HAVE TO
MAYBE REEL IT IN BECAUSE OF THE
POSITION I HAVE.
BUT YOU'RE NOT FIRST LADY
ANYMORE.
>> I AM NOT.
>> Jimmy: AND AS FAR AS I'M
CONCERNED, YOU CAN CUT LOOSE AND
REALLY SAY ANYTHING NOW, RIGHT?
>> YES.
>> Jimmy: SO WHAT I'VE DONE IS
I'VE GOT A SERIES OF CARDS HERE.
>> WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?
>> Jimmy: I'VE WRITTEN SOME
THINGS DOWN AND IF YOU ARE --
>> YOU'VE WRITTEN SOME STUFF
DOWN.
>> Jimmy: IF YOU'RE GAME FOR
THIS, MAYBE HERE ARE SOME THINGS
THAT YOU CAN SAY.
>> YOU WANT ME TO LOOK AT THOSE
CARDS AND JUST READ --
>> Jimmy: DON'T LOOK AT THEM.
JUST READ WHAT I WROTE.
START WITH THAT ONE.
AND LOOK AT THE CAMERA RIGHT
THERE SO WE FEEL -- LOOK AT THAT
ONE.
SORRY.
YEAH.
>> I'VE NEVER EATEN A VEGETABLE.
>> Jimmy: I KNEW IT.
I KNEW IT.
HERE'S ANOTHER ONE.
>> THAT'S NOT TRUE.
THE WHOLE EIGHT YEARS WE WERE IN
THE WHITE HOUSE, WE USED LAURA
BUSH'S NETFLIX PASSWORD.
>> Jimmy: REALLY?
WOW.
A REVELATION.
>> LAURA, SORRY.
SEND ME THE BILLS.
>> Jimmy: THERE YOU GO.
>> I'M NOT SURE WHICH ONE'S
SASHA AND WHICH ONE'S MALIA.
YOU KNOW, THEY AGREE.
THEY GET SO MAD EVERY TIME I
MESS THEIR NAMES UP.
I'M LIKE, WHO ARE YOU.
>> Jimmy: PART OF BEING A
PARENT.
>> THE GAME THAT SASHA PLAYS
WITH ME IS THAT WHEN WE'RE WITH
A LOT OF PEOPLE, SHE'LL CALL ME
MOM, MOM, MOM, AND I DON'T HEAR
AND SHE'S LIKE, MICHELLE.
MICHELLE OBAMA.
AND I LOOK UP AND SHE'S LIKE,
SEE?
>> Jimmy: COUPLE MORE.
THESE ARE IMPORTANT.
>> I STOLE THE PHRASE, WHEN THEY
GO LOW, WE GO HIGH FROM THE BACK
OF A SNAPPLE CAP.
>> Jimmy: TWO MORE.
>> BARRY, BE QUIET AND HOLD MY
PURSE.
>> Jimmy: AND YOUR FINAL
OUTRAGEOUS STATEMENT TO MAKE NOW
THAT YOU'RE NO LONGER FIRST
LADY.
>> CLOONEY IS MY FREEBIE.
>> Jimmy: MICHELLE OBAMA,
EVERYONE.
THIS IS HER BOOK, "BECOMING."
IT IS AVAILABLE NOW.